In this series of videos, we are going to discuss how to experience all pleasant and neutral sounds
as well as how to experience all pleasant and neutral sounds as well as how to experience them.
We follow up with that. Then what does emotion? It is not just following that, but it is expanding.
It is deepening that emotion, expanding that emotion, elaborating that emotion.
Then, for example, there is anger you follow with that. Then there is all, in the Buddha teaching,
there are nine different kind of, like, traumatic negative anger emotions arise one after another
when you follow up with anger and that.
Because then you start, "Oh, such as this he did, or he did, or he did." In the past this, now
doing, future doing, I mean all those different ways, then expanding.
And this, he heard me first, he is going to hurt in the future, he is hurting me now. And then he
taught my joy in the last past, he is taking my joy now, he is going to take, he or she is going to
take joy in the future.
And so that makes six of that. Then it expanded to our belongings of all the relatives, of friends,
of families, this person did to my relatives bad things in the past, and now doing, and future is
going to show, going to do this, and that all called the nine-traumatized conception ideal comes in
mind because we are grasping on that.
And then it is expanding, those are the days, the density, small, big, or medium, the different
degrees is called, but that then is how the word "laboration" is developed and then it is called
negative emotion.
Then it is all accosted in our clear state of mind.
When we follow this thought, or when we follow this thought, that means that we are keeping up, we
are adding the fuel, we are adding the fuel to maintain that.
And then it will continue to grow and deepening and expanding, it will disturb us, it will disturb
others, and then it will create the whole environment, in, out, secret, and many levels, all that.
And therefore that reason, to be as a practitioner, then cut instantly, immediately, immediately
cut that, that net, that connection, cut that, that grasping, that disturbance, and then we become
the warrior, bravery, that support, then you are not crushed under that emotion, under that
situation,
we are, then, truly winner of now and the future.
(speaking foreign language)
- And then hear all this thought,
whether whatever the sound is,
whether it's pleasing, unpleasing,
or even his neutral thought is all emptiness.
And we don't have any grasp or cling,
you don't hold the grasp.
Relax on that natural stress.
The moment you relax on that natural stress,
that moment we get to see the emptiness sound,
which is the sound of the Buddha, voice of the Buddha.
Or in life, being free from the word and unseasoned status.
(speaking foreign language)
And the moment you hear that moment,
that very moment is empty.
(speaking foreign language)
And then this is called sound emptiness,
or sound emptiness, or emptiness sound.
(speaking foreign language)
And then I told you this is known as the speech of the lama,
or the absolute speech of the lama,
or the speech of the Buddha.
To that, I pray, and then to, I pray to Gopiye Masambo.
So that is about the song.
(speaking foreign language)
And the next thing,